in the convenient Isis
it makes sense in the sounds that are
whole may different chakras can be way
these pronunciations are being used in
the phonetic language of Devanagari
which means the language spoken by the
Devas with the man Hera
we have in our foot petals the songs are
more sure soon soon out of which last
sure and sir
sounds are very close but the difference
is when the snake
this is it makes this show the third
song
so wrong sure sure soon
and the swadhishthana where there are
six modules
week weeks out
six
sounds
ma ma ma ma ma
[Music]
Marie poo it has ten petals it makes the
sound duh-duh-duh go
at Anahata near Akron petals
it makes the sounds for wah-wah-wah
sure sure yeah sure
Mugen to her - and we should be where
they're 16
but roots it makes
the sounds of all the bubbles in E
meaning me new a I
and the agya chakra it makes well sure
at the salon
one becomes thoughtless I know
some is made but the pure Anna Hutton
meaning the trouble from the purest form
and in the heart is locked up not top
[Music]
when all these sounds
our sounded together and pass through in
spiral
off the body mr. Boddy is with account
the song
that comes out of the synthesis is like
the seven colours of the Sun ultimately
with non-white ways what you can say the
golden colored race now the sound of
Kundalini I have told you in one of my
lectures how it creates up but exactly
like we should be it creates the sound
of all these levels that are in English
so it languages these are the sound she
creates out on all the chakras but when
she comes to nothing it becomes a one is
information
provide information that's the munich
coded information versatility per hour
which you don't share when heat rises
from the kundalini point miss mooladhara
chakra i munathara well it is not good
there's no Sun when it comes to the
stomach the parabolic starts when it
comes into the center right in the heart
always you hear it madam on where you
can hear it just like hot properly with
the stethoscope you can hear it when it
comes to should be it becomes a witness
means patiently the one who seems like
I've noticed yourself and you are caught
up initially you need them that's where
she sees then they sound which is round
with with which you speak when it comes
to the throat it becomes like hurry this
is this is even before the Kundalini is
there one the coded information the
language which is first only coded
becomes decoded here it's called vital
it stops but after realization the
Kundalini enlightens to man as it is
unlike insulting because of that
enlightenment your mantras become
enlightened and that's how when you say
a mantra it is effective it's light
before this any mantra set has many it's
just ordinary one just like any ordinary
so it is called as peanut nap which is
jobless awakened so a mantra which is
jog root they are not we created out of
a mantra which is not enlightened like
if you have say it or then pot or an are
done things like this or this one as it
is and you have all the oil and
everything there so this one give life
till it is enlightened the same where
the mantra is nothing this let it get
there unless an eclipse is enlightened
by Kundalini it is not already very
runny which cannot give you enlightened
and which there aren't even lighten went
to the mantras and that's why these
mantras have known a person whose spirit
is enlightened and his money is
enlightened such a person whatever he
says comes true whatever you ask for
even before he say something the desire
the desire within us which is the
Ferrari which is the coded information
of the desire you have it comes
enlightened and that's how you get the
result suddenly you get something you
said oh I have struck me and mother has
done it that's how the whole system
works out this way of its purity without
the purity we cannot see anything that
is impure say say my hands are not clean
I can't see the larvae anything that is
dirty you cannot see the real kitchen
you cannot see the reality if you not
beautiful but even if it is
superficially purified or artificially
painted still you can always say that it
is artificially painted and you cannot
see the beauty of this one because this
is done from outside but Kundalini burns
often that's the salt makes everything
into ashes and whatever remains is the
pure gold of the Spirit
you